additional things we can say about opening angles?

James thinking about how to interpret our error bars, if our measurement is
really just of the expectation value of the jet angle distribution

Siong: got plenty of stuff to write up and assemble into a paper.  Need to
carefully phrase why this method is cool.  Couple of things we can say:
1) we estimate the CBC rate posterior, on CBC detections (nothing to do with
beaming angles).  Then the uncertainty is in the GRB rate / efficiency.
Uncertainty in GRB rate is 'absorbed' by the epsilon.

 - check this by doing 'injection' study with the incorrect assumed Rgrb.  Easy.

 Once nice thing might be that our result should be more robust than the 'usual'
 plugging-in-number approach.

 Martin: any sense of whether people are ok with the assumption/implication of a
 'fixed' efficiency.  Efficiency applied to a *population* seems to make sense.
 But we need to be careful about individual GRBs and 'efficiency'.

 Siong: can we assume that the opening angle is a random number from some
 distribution?
 Martin: not so convinced.  If we regard that as a value the objects have /if
 they are GRBs/, it

 Martin: another thing - posteriors on theta.  The width reflects a) lack of
 knowledge, given that theta is the same for all GRBs or b) the range of values
 possible for a /single/ source.   Does it even philosophically make sense to
 distinguish the cases?    If there is an intrinsic spread to theta, that just
 add some extra scatter to the posterior.  Parallel here with malmquist bias -
 uncertainties in galaxy distance vs measurement uncertainty.  

 i.e., assuming all the thetas are the same is pretty much the same as assuming
 all the epsilons are the same.

 We do need an answer for what happens if theta has an intrinsic spread.
 Actually, this is *probably* handled/equivalent to getting the Rgrb incorrect
 (see above)

 What happens if theta -> theta + delta(theta); can we expand this to show that
 the fundamental equation just becomes Rgrb -> Rgrb + delta(Rgrb).  So, continue
 with plan to probe impact of incorrect Rgrb and see what happens...

 Siong:  can we say something about the importance of our limits and GRB
 astrophysics?



